📝 Instructions for Unit Test Project 🏗

Step 1 : Setup the Project
   ▫ Create a main html file name it as index.html
   ▫ Create a style file name it as style.css

Step 2 : Getting Started
   ▫ Start with boiler plate code in html file and css file
   ▫ Make sure style file is linked in html file

Step 3 : Look at the Output Website 
   ▫ Link is here 👉 

Step 4 : Follow these code steps (You can Do it!!🚀.....Nothing can Stop YOU✨)
   👉 Read the instructions twice you can code it!!
   👉 Its simple read the instruction and code....Lets do this

   ▫ Firstly, Create a div with class main inside this everything goes in.
     once done with creating a div with main class, In style file set 100% width
     and 100vh height to body, Set a font-family of sans-serif to body.

   ▫ Create a h2 element then a button and apply styling to the button by using
     inheritance property and design the button just like we have in the
     output Website, Add spacing between the elements accordingly by using the 
     box-model properties.

   Done✅

   ▫ Then go ahead with creating another div with class name as section
   ▫ This Div of class section should have h4 element, paragaph elements
     and an anchor tag this anchor tag should redirect this user to this site
     "https://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp".
   ▫ Give this Div that is of class section a styling like you see on output
     like background-color, border-radius and Style only the even p tags immediately
     after h4. (Just like you see on Output web)
   ▫ Apply styling to anchor tag that is the anchor tag should have a different
     color based on its state, Using Pseudo-class Selectors apply the styling.
   ▫ Use box-model properties to add spacing between the elements.

   Done✅

   Eassy Peezzyy....See I told You, You can do it!!

   ▫ Now, use hr tag to add that horizontal line.
   ▫ Create another div of class content, This div contains an h4 element and
     a paragaph element (Refer the output website...)
   ▫ Again Create another div of class section, this div contains h4 element
     and another div that is of class code.
   ▫ This code div will have a code (As you can see on the output website)
     you can add code using pre tag <pre> and code tag <code>

     📝Note: Pre tag <pre> </pre> will preserve the white spaces
     i.e., white spaces will not be ignored. and using code tag <code></code>
     we can render code.

   ▫ To this code div give it a border as you can see on output website.
   ▫ Then Create an anchor tag that should be outside the code div and inside
     the section div, this anchor tag should navigate user to this web site 
     "https://www.w3schools.com/html/tryit.asp?filename=tryhtml_default" go
     ahead and apply Pseudo-class selectors just like you
     did for the previous anchor tag.
   ▫ Make sure you add spacing between elements using Box-model properties.

   Done✅

   ▫ Now, use hr tag to add that horizontal line.

   You are almost Done!!...Don't give Up You can do it!!

   ▫ Create a div of class contact. Now this div contains an h2 element,
     a form, and a paragaph tag.
   ▫ Add a link emoji after h2 element using Pseudo-element selector.
   ▫ This form contains two input elements
     One for name, and another one for mail.
   ▫ Apply Pseudo-class selectors inorder to style input based on its state
     that is when the input element is clicked (focus) it should have a border
     and background-color properties as you can see on the output website
   ▫ After this form element, Create a button, on hover the background-color
     of button should change as you can see on the output website. 
   ▫ After this button element, Create a paragaph element.
   ▫ Add spacing between the elements using box-model properties.

   ▫ Finally, Create an h5 element outside the contact class and make sure it is
     inside the main class, Now give spacing between the element by Using box-model
     properties and also when we hover over h5 element the color of element should
     change to the color as you can see on the output website.


    Vooohooo🎉....congratulations You Have Completed the Unit Test Project!!🏁
    Every great developer you admire was once a beginner. Keep coding, keep growing!🚀

    🏁 A journey From Nothing to Something ✨

    

